---
layout:	post
title:	"2017 and Beyond"
author:	Aimee Tagle
date:	28/12/2017 XX:XX:XX
---

What a last half semester of 2017! What a year in general! The last six weeks of semester 2017 had some of our biggest events and we hope everyone enjoyed those.

To kick everything off, we had our third Grad Series of the year with grads and still-active SESA members Frano Stanisic and Saren Currie. We thank them for their continual support of our organisation, and their excellent presentation of life after a software engineering degree.

After the grad series easing us in, we got to our heavy-hitting events. First off was our BAGM and second pub quiz of the year, crammed into one night of excitement. Exciting it very much was, especially with assignment-doing part 3 students who hadn't quite finished designing a system architecture. It was an all-round fun night of speech-making, trivia, and software camaraderie. Congratulations to our pub quiz winners and general participants, and best of luck to our 2018 executive team who were elected that night. You may or may not find their names on our website in the near future.

Our official end of year event, the formal dinner, happened shortly after the end of lectures. With a need to increase capacity and over 90 in attendance, we think it's fair to say that it was a popular event: a great way to catch up after a busy period, and before exam stress settled in.

Finally came the unofficial end of year event: the traditional LAN to finish it all. With a couple of exams ending during the event, our second LAN party of the year became the post-exam celebration of choice, judging by the peak in elevator traffic. As always, it was a great time.

Thanks to our sponsors, everyone who came to our events, and our executive team. Your dedication to this students organisation makes what we do possible and worthwhile. To our outgoing exec, thank you for everything you have contributed to SESA. Apologies for all the events to attend, but we hope you enjoyed it as much as we (or perhaps I) did. All the best for your future endeavours. We hope we can make you proud in 2018, and in the many years of SESA to come.

It was a truly amazing 2017, and we hope it has been a memorable time to be a software engineering student.

-Aimee on behalf of the SESA exec, since it would be weird if the whole team just thanked themselves in that last paragraph
