---
layout: post
title:  "So Far This 2017 (or, welcome to a new SESA year)"
author: Aimee Tagle
date:   25/04/2017 XX:XX:XX
---

After an exciting, event-filled, and undocumented-by-news-blog 2016, the SESA Exec Team were ready for another year of better-documented events. Thanks to our 2017 gold (Orion Health, Vista Entertainment, Soft Tech, and Teknique), and silver (Palantir, EROAD, and Microsoft) sponsors for their support. We've had a blast working with you so far, and look forward to what 2017 has in store.

We kicked off the semester with the annual SESA Mixer- an opportunity for software students to meet and play games and sign up for a year of personal and professional development with SESA. With over 150 members signed up, the year was looking very promising.

The SESA Industry night brought our members and sponsors together for plenty of learning and networking. This was a chace for everyone to learn more about our sponsors, and about how they can use the skills they have learnt and will learn in the industry. 

Over these last few weeks, SESA addressed a problem on every student's mind: "How do I get a job?". Our "SESA Gets Hired" events focused on giving students an idea of what companies look for in both interns and graduates. With CVs spruced, interviews ironed out, and algorithms aced, we hope everyone who went feels equipped for finding employment.  

Our members have also had plenty of opportunity to put their skills into practice. Events such as the Palantir Workshop, Microsoft Coding Competition, and Orion Health Coding Competition drew in many of our members who were looking to extend themselves, try something new, or just have a good time.

Finally, despite cyclone-related complications with our last event for this first half of the semester, we were able to celebrate six weeks of SESA in 2017 with the first SESA Game Day of the year. Featuring plenty of board games, sitting around laptops, and of course the Smash tournament, it was an excellent way to wrap up a half-semester. 

We hope everyone involved in SESA has enjoyed the year, and look forward to all else we have planned for 2017. 

Cheers,

the SESA Exec Team
